Structures of SRS
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 Purpose
This document  gives detailed functional and non-functional requirements for library login form. The purpose of this document is that the requirements mentioned 
in it should be utilized by software developer to implement the system.

1.2 Scope:
“Library login form ” is an attempt to simulate the basic concepts of an library management system. The system enables to perform the following functions:
Details of books
Authors name
library members

1.3. Overview
This system provides an easy solution to the customers to keep track reversion

2. GENERAL DESCRIPTION
The Library login form facilitates the students to enquiry about the books available,
books return and update details,

2.1 User Manual
The system should provide Help option in which to operate the system should be explained.

3. FUNCTIONAL REQUIRMENT 

3.1. Description
The identity of the student is verified and then Should enter to the library system. The system should display student photograph along with their name id proof.


4. INTERFACE REQUIRMENTS
4.1 GUI
GUI 1: Main menu should provide options such as Login, forget password, Help.
GUI 2: In Login  menu he able to login to main page of Library login page
GUI 3: The display  of interface should be
The photo can be clicked to edit the details

4.2 Hardware Interface

Hardware Interface 1: The system Should be embedded in the Laptop. 
Hardware Interface 2: The Laptop Should use Wireless Ethernet card to send e-mails. These Laptop should be clients of department database server.

4.3 Software Interface
Software Interface 1: Library Management system
Software Interface 2: E-mail message generator which generates standard message.
Software Interface 3:Report generates

5. PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS
The system should work on any device any place and anytime

6. DESIGN CONSTRAINTS
 The system should be designed within 8 Months.

7. OTHER NON-FUNCTIONAL ATTRIBUTES
7.1 Security
         The system should provide  password to login on to the system.   He/she should be able to see their personal details
7.2 Reliability
          Due to wireless connectivity , reliability cannot be guaranteed.
7.3 Availability
          The system should be available all browsers
7.4 Reusability
           The same system will be used for getting books again and again
          
8. OPERATIONAL SCENARIOS
The Library login form database will contain customer name, mobile number, Gmail id etc...

9.PREMLIMINARY SCHEDULE
The system has been implemented within 9 Months




